docs: PostgreSQL parameters to be strings (#3004)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: docs/src/postgresql_conf.md

    Refer to the PostgreSQL documentation for
    [more information on the available parameters](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/runtime-config.html),
    also known as GUC (Grand Unified Configuration).

>     Please note that CNPG accept only strings for the PostgreSQL parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Please note that CloudNativePG accepts only strings for the PostgreSQL parameters.
```
